# Progressmeeting FT onderzoekt! Big data 13-06-18
### Attendees Carolien, Tanja, Witek, Trung, Jan (by phone), Jeroen

**Agenda:**
 
1. Documentation and accessibility
2. Content of public accessible Github
3. Contact of companies for assignments master in semester 1
4. E-mail to companies (after summer), Google forms and Meetup big data
5. Investigate what big data education and research is already going on at the HAN
6. Any other business

-----
* Github and public site have been set-up.

* Change name from big-data to something covering the activities a bit better.

* Google-drive can be set-up to keep certain data private.

* Process: first step: everything is closed, but in this meeting we will decide what will become public.

* There can be a conflict of interest between HAN’s public goals and companies’ proprietary data.

* Perhaps a new research question: How to act on Open-data Open-source? On the one hand we want to serve the public, but also companies, how about liability?

* Jan will gather the assignments for the Master projects, 4 or 5, and contact companies.

* There is a draft email for a meet-up, send out 2 months before. Let’s pick a date around November, preferably Thursday afternoon.

* Set-up program for meet-up. What is the interest of companies? What is happening at HAN? Find some speakers / workshop coaches?

* Expand the network: Via SEECE, LEAN, RCT, online tools like meet-up, Linked-In

* Aggregating news, webcrawling

* On education: inventories capabilities of teacher and researchers

https://rctgelderland.nl/evenement/67/machine-gestuurd-onderhoud
